*I'm Scoop69, and I've been making ice cream cakes for over 10 years. I love what I do, and it's all because of my passion for people and the way they interact with one another. I want to make sure that everyone has a place where they can feel at home, whether they're here in my shop or at home with the family. Whether you're looking for an ice cream cake, popsicle sticks, or just something new to try!

*I am a full-time ice cream maker with a passion for creating delicious treats. I make ice cream cakes, cones and popsicle sticks that are perfect for any party.

*We are a company that is passionate about ice cream. We believe in creating the best quality ice cream products for kids and adults, with a focus on sustainability and ethics. Our goal is to make sure that our products are made from natural ingredients, with no artificial colors or flavors. We use milk from cows that are not treated with growth hormones or antibiotics. We want to create a world where everyone can enjoy the best tasting ice cream without compromise.
Our mission is to help people enjoy the best tasting ice cream possible while also helping them make positive changes in their lives. That's why we offer an active social media presence where we share ideas on how you can use your ice cream as a tool for change!



*Almond Joy®
Banana
Black Rasp Choc Crunch Swirl
Bubble Gum
Butter Crunch
Butter Pecan
Cake Batter
Cherry Vanilla
Chocolate
Chocolate Chip
Cinnamon Apple Crisp*
Coconut Pineapple
Coffee Oreo
Cotton Candy
Egg Nog
Gingerbread Cookie
Graham Cracker Chip
Lemon Sorbet
M&M's® Candy
Mint Chip
Orange Sherbet
Peach
Pumpkin*
Raspberry Sorbet
Red Velvet
Strawberry
Toll House Cookie
Vanilla
Watermelon Sherbert




*Hot Toppings
Hot Fudge
Sprinkles
caramel
Oreos
Cookie Dough
Whipped Cream
Hard Chocolate Coating
Cereal
Fruit
Nuts





*Giant Chipwich Cake
Strawberry Shortcake Ice Cream Cake
Perfect Ice Cream Cake
Spumoni Ice Cream Cake
Cookies 'N' Cream Ice Cream Pie




